docs(parsers): clarify tool call and reasoning parser layer (#9874)
ai-dynamo/dynamo: docs/reasoning/README.md

parser lives in Dynamo's own registry or in an upstream engine frontend
(`vllm serve`, `sglang serve`, or `trtllm-serve`).

## Choose a parsing path

| Path | When to use | Page |
|------|-------------|------|
| **Dynamo** | Dynamo ships a framework-agnostic Rust parser for the model's reasoning format. Default path. | [Reasoning Parsing (Dynamo)](dynamo.md) |
| **Engine Fallback** | Use the framework's parser implementation (vLLM or SGLang today; TRTLLM in progress) for pre/post processing, including tool call and reasoning parsing - ensure consistency with framework behavior. | [Reasoning Parsing (Engine Fallback)](engine-fallback.md) |

Start with the Dynamo path. Fall back to the engine path only when Dynamo's
registry does not list a parser for your model.

## Why Dynamo implements tool-call and reasoning parsers

In `vllm serve`, `sglang serve`, and `trtllm-serve`, tool-call parsing and
reasoning parsing happens in the engine's frontend server, with subtle
behavioral differences across each. Since Dynamo orchestrates efficient
routing and tokenization, it connects directly to each engine and circumvents

> each engine's frontend server to avoid redundant work.

Author: ```suggestion
behavioral differences across each. For performance purposes, Dynamo orchestrates
routing and tokenization, passing tokens directly to each LLM engine and circumventing
each engine's frontend OpenAI API server to avoid duplicate work per request.
```
